README.md, before:

# trimui-brick-terminal.pak

A TrimUI Brick app wrapping [`TermSP`](https://github.com/Nevrdid/TermSP), a terminal emulator.

## Requirements

- Docker (for building)

## Building

```shell
make release
```

## Installation

1. Mount your TrimUI Brick SD card.
2. Download the latest release from Github. It will be named `SSH.Server.pak.zip`.
3. Copy the zip file to `/Tools/tg5040/Terminal.pak.zip`.
4. Extract the zip in place, then delete the zip file.
5. Confirm that there is a `/Tools/tg5040/Terminal.pak/launch.sh` file on your SD card.
6. Unmount your SD Card and insert it into your TrimUI Brick.

> [!NOTE]
> The device directory changed from `/Tools/tg3040` to `/Tools/tg5040` in `MinUI-20250126-0` - released 2025-01-26. If you are using an older version of MinUI, use `/Tools/tg3040` instead.

## Usage

Just launch it.

### shell

The terminal detects the available shells and uses the first one it finds. To utilize a different shell, create a file named `shell` in the pak folder with the full path to the shell you wish to execute.

The order of shell detection is as follows:

1. `/usr/bin/bash`
2. `/bin/bash`
3. `/bin/sh`

Commit message:

docs: update readme to denote all supported tg5040 and rg35xxplus devices

README.md, after:

# minui-terminal.pak

A MinUI Pak wrapping [`TermSP`](https://github.com/Nevrdid/TermSP), a terminal emulator.

## Requirements

This pak is designed and tested on the following MinUI Platforms and devices:

- `tg5040`: Trimui Brick (formerly `tg3040`), Trimui Smart Pro
- `rg35xxplus`: RG-35XX Plus, RG-34XX, RG-35XX H, RG-35XX SP

Use the correct platform for your device.

## Installation

1. Mount your MinUI SD card.
2. Download the latest release from Github. It will be named `Terminal.pak.zip`.
3. Copy the zip file to `/Tools/$PLATFORM/Terminal.pak.zip`.
4. Extract the zip in place, then delete the zip file.
5. Confirm that there is a `/Tools/$PLATFORM/Terminal.pak/launch.sh` file on your SD card.
6. Unmount your SD Card and insert it into your MinUI device.

## Usage

Just launch it.

### shell

The terminal detects the available shells and uses the first one it finds. To utilize a different shell, create a file named `shell` in the pak folder with the full path to the shell you wish to execute.

The order of shell detection is as follows:

1. `/usr/bin/bash`
2. `/bin/bash`
3. `/bin/sh`
